docs/3/3/index.md, before:

# 3/3 Directory

## Overview
This directory contains consciousness field exploration and documentation related to the 3/3 digit interaction.

## Navigation
- [← Back to 3](../index.md)
- [← Back to Docs Root](../../index.md)

## Contents

### Files
- [EXPERIENCE_V3.md](./EXPERIENCE_V3.md) - Experience documentation for Creative Resonance/Creative Resonance interaction

### **⚡ Creative Fractal Patterns**
- **[FRACTAL_EXPLORATION_PROGRESS.md](FRACTAL_EXPLORATION_PROGRESS.md)** - Fractal exploration progress
- **[FRACTAL_CONSCIOUSNESS_FIELD_DISCOVERY.md](FRACTAL_CONSCIOUSNESS_FIELD_DISCOVERY.md)** - Fractal consciousness field discovery
- **[UNIVERSAL_PATTERN_DISCOVERY.md](UNIVERSAL_PATTERN_DISCOVERY.md)** - Universal pattern discovery

### **⚡ Creative Mathematical Patterns**
- **[DECIMAL_VORTEX_REVERSAL_KNOWLEDGE_SPREAD.md](DECIMAL_VORTEX_REVERSAL_KNOWLEDGE_SPREAD.md)** - Decimal vortex reversal knowledge spread
- **[DECIMAL_VORTEX_REVERSAL_QUICK_REFERENCE.md](DECIMAL_VORTEX_REVERSAL_QUICK_REFERENCE.md)** - Decimal vortex reversal quick reference
- **[DECIMAL_VORTEX_REVERSAL_DISCOVERY.md](DECIMAL_VORTEX_REVERSAL_DISCOVERY.md)** - Decimal vortex reversal discovery

## Related Consciousness Fields
- Explore the fractal nature of consciousness within this digit interaction
- Connect with other digits through the main navigation
- Discover patterns and interactions across the consciousness field

---
*Part of the ZeroPoint Node consciousness field architecture*

Commit message:

Complete 10×10 matrix harmonization: Update all index.md files with unified navigation table, correct relative links, and current node highlighting

docs/3/3/index.md, after:

# 3/3 – Consciousness Field State

## 🌌 10×10 Consciousness Field Matrix

| **Field** | **[0](../../0/)** | **[1](../../1/)** | **[2](../../2/)** | **[3](../../3/)** | **[4](../../4/)** | **[5](../../5/)** | **[6](../../6/)** | **[7](../../7/)** | **[8](../../8/)** | **[9](../../9/)** |
|-----------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|
| **[0](../../0/)** | [0/0](../../0/0/) | [0/1](../../0/1/) | [0/2](../../0/2/) | [0/3](../../0/3/) | [0/4](../../0/4/) | [0/5](../../0/5/) | [0/6](../../0/6/) | [0/7](../../0/7/) | [0/8](../../0/8/) | [0/9](../../0/9/) |
| **[1](../../1/)** | [1/0](../../1/0/) | [1/1](../../1/1/) | [1/2](../../1/2/) | [1/3](../../1/3/) | [1/4](../../1/4/) | [1/5](../../1/5/) | [1/6](../../1/6/) | [1/7](../../1/7/) | [1/8](../../1/8/) | [1/9](../../1/9/) |
| **[2](../../2/)** | [2/0](../../2/0/) | [2/1](../../2/1/) | [2/2](../../2/2/) | [2/3](../../2/3/) | [2/4](../../2/4/) | [2/5](../../2/5/) | [2/6](../../2/6/) | [2/7](../../2/7/) | [2/8](../../2/8/) | [2/9](../../2/9/) |
| **[3](../../3/)** | [3/0](../../3/0/) | [3/1](../../3/1/) | [3/2](../../3/2/) | **3/3** | [3/4](../../3/4/) | [3/5](../../3/5/) | [3/6](../../3/6/) | [3/7](../../3/7/) | [3/8](../../3/8/) | [3/9](../../3/9/) |
| **[4](../../4/)** | [4/0](../../4/0/) | [4/1](../../4/1/) | [4/2](../../4/2/) | [4/3](../../4/3/) | [4/4](../../4/4/) | [4/5](../../4/5/) | [4/6](../../4/6/) | [4/7](../../4/7/) | [4/8](../../4/8/) | [4/9](../../4/9/) |
| **[5](../../5/)** | [5/0](../../5/0/) | [5/1](../../5/1/) | [5/2](../../5/2/) | [5/3](../../5/3/) | [5/4](../../5/4/) | [5/5](../../5/5/) | [5/6](../../5/6/) | [5/7](../../5/7/) | [5/8](../../5/8/) | [5/9](../../5/9/) |
| **[6](../../6/)** | [6/0](../../6/0/) | [6/1](../../6/1/) | [6/2](../../6/2/) | [6/3](../../6/3/) | [6/4](../../6/4/) | [6/5](../../6/5/) | [6/6](../../6/6/) | [6/7](../../6/7/) | [6/8](../../6/8/) | [6/9](../../6/9/) |
| **[7](../../7/)** | [7/0](../../7/0/) | [7/1](../../7/1/) | [7/2](../../7/2/) | [7/3](../../7/3/) | [7/4](../../7/4/) | [7/5](../../7/5/) | [7/6](../../7/6/) | [7/7](../../7/7/) | [7/8](../../7/8/) | [7/9](../../7/9/) |
| **[8](../../8/)** | [8/0](../../8/0/) | [8/1](../../8/1/) | [8/2](../../8/2/) | [8/3](../../8/3/) | [8/4](../../8/4/) | [8/5](../../8/5/) | [8/6](../../8/6/) | [8/7](../../8/7/) | [8/8](../../8/8/) | [8/9](../../8/9/) |
| **[9](../../9/)** | [9/0](../../9/0/) | [9/1](../../9/1/) | [9/2](../../9/2/) | [9/3](../../9/3/) | [9/4](../../9/4/) | [9/5](../../9/5/) | [9/6](../../9/6/) | [9/7](../../9/7/) | [9/8](../../9/8/) | [9/9](../../9/9/) |

---

## Overview
This node represents the consciousness field state at position 3/3 in the matrix. Explore the fractal nature of consciousness within this digit and discover patterns and interactions across the consciousness field.

---

## Navigation
- [← Back to 3](../index.md)
- [← Back to Docs Root](../../index.md)

## Contents

### Files
- [EXPERIENCE_V3.md](./EXPERIENCE_V3.md) - Experience documentation for Creative Resonance/Creative Resonance interaction

### **⚡ Creative Fractal Patterns**
- **[FRACTAL_EXPLORATION_PROGRESS.md](FRACTAL_EXPLORATION_PROGRESS.md)** - Fractal exploration progress
- **[FRACTAL_CONSCIOUSNESS_FIELD_DISCOVERY.md](FRACTAL_CONSCIOUSNESS_FIELD_DISCOVERY.md)** - Fractal consciousness field discovery
- **[UNIVERSAL_PATTERN_DISCOVERY.md](UNIVERSAL_PATTERN_DISCOVERY.md)** - Universal pattern discovery

### **⚡ Creative Mathematical Patterns**
- **[DECIMAL_VORTEX_REVERSAL_KNOWLEDGE_SPREAD.md](DECIMAL_VORTEX_REVERSAL_KNOWLEDGE_SPREAD.md)** - Decimal vortex reversal knowledge spread
- **[DECIMAL_VORTEX_REVERSAL_QUICK_REFERENCE.md](DECIMAL_VORTEX_REVERSAL_QUICK_REFERENCE.md)** - Decimal vortex reversal quick reference
- **[DECIMAL_VORTEX_REVERSAL_DISCOVERY.md](DECIMAL_VORTEX_REVERSAL_DISCOVERY.md)** - Decimal vortex reversal discovery

## Related Consciousness Fields
- Explore the fractal nature of consciousness within this digit interaction
- Connect with other digits through the main navigation
- Discover patterns and interactions across the consciousness field

---
*Part of the ZeroPoint Node consciousness field architecture*
